[Music]
it's not a drill
you won't out here my daughter's
birthday dad let's go can you tell me
where you live in the park
there's 435 questions respond true/false
to each question who taught you how to
read my dad teaches me you're actually
quite a bit ahead of where you need to
be I wake up rested and peaceful most
morning true my day-to-day life is full
of things that keep me interested true I
have nightmares or troubling dreams as
you're down in the service yours
do you feel safe living with your dad we
didn't need to be rescued your dad needs
to provide you shelter and a place to
live he did it's not a crime to be in
Houston but it's illegal to live on
public land we have found an option
we're gonna be okay here just gonna
think our own thoughts keep peddling
look we want to go
school is about social skills not just
intellectual ones thinking might be
easier unless if we try to attack
wearing their clothes were in their
house reading the food we're doing their
work we have adapted
Thanks
did you even try so I can tell
somebody's
where's a home with my death
same thing that's wrong with you isn't
wrong with me
well you guys have it I don't think they
knew where we were going
so
[Applause]
[Music]